Restructure documentation on core concepts; add section on Athena (#1401)
objectiv/objectiv-analytics: bach/docs/source/bach/data-stores.rst

=====================
Supported data stores
=====================

> Currently Bach supports AWS Athena, Google BigQuery, and PostgreSQL. Our aim is to support all popular data

Author: Sorted the datastores alphabetically here and below.

Also just made up that Snowflake is on our roadmap. Seemed like a big one

stores, and our roadmap includes Databricks, Redshift, ClickHouse, Snowflake, etcetera.

> For information on how to setup Objectiv with each of these data stores see the collector sections for
> `PostgreSQL </docs/tracking/collector/postgresql>`__, `AWS Athena </docs/tracking/collector/amazon-s3>`__,
> or `Google BigQuery </docs/tracking/collector/google-bigquery>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on how to setup Objectiv with each of these data stores see the Collector sections for
`PostgreSQL </docs/tracking/collector/postgresql>`__, `AWS Athena </docs/tracking/collector/amazon-s3>`__,
or `Google BigQuery </docs/tracking/collector/google-bigquery>`__.
```

`if_exists='replace'`) don't actually remove the data of the original table. The original table definition
is removed from Athena, but the data itself resides on AWS S3. You will have to clean up data on S3 yourself.

**Temporary tables are not supported.**
As an alternative consider using :py:meth:`DataFrame.database_create_table()`.

**Some Bach data types are represented or stored as different types.**
The data type support in Athena is limited compared to some other databases.
Bach uses some workarounds for this, that are mostly transparent to the user, but can become clear when
writing resulting data to a table and inspecting that table.

- The Bach types `time` and `timedelta` do not use specialized time types, but Athena's `double` type to
  store the number of (partial) seconds.
- The bach type `json` is converted to `string` when writing it to a table. Athena does not support
  storing `json` data directly.

**Bach Series names with special characters get encoded.**
Athena limits the allowed characters in column names. Therefore, Bach Series names that contain
'special' characters are encoded in SQL, and might be harder to relate to the original series name.

> See the `tip on using simple series names </docs/modeling/bach/core-concepts/#use-simple-series-names-for-cleaner-sql>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :doc:`tip on using simple Series names <core-concepts#use-simple-series-names-for-cleaner-sql>`.
```

Author: Tried this, but didn't quite work. So reverted it again

Google BigQuery
---------------
`Google BigQuery <https://cloud.google.com/bigquery>`_ is a serverless cloud-hosted database that can handle
huge datasets.
When running Bach on BigQuery, one should be aware of the following:

**Bach Series names with special characters get encoded.**
Big Query limits the allowed characters in column names. Therefore, Bach Series names that contain
'special' characters are encoded in SQL, and might be harder to relate to the original series name.

> See the `tip on using simple series names </docs/modeling/bach/core-concepts/#use-simple-series-names-for-cleaner-sql>`_

Author: I am pretty sure there is some way to use `:ref:` for these links. But I couldn't get it to work, and well this works too :shrug:

> See the `tip on using simple series names </docs/modeling/bach/core-concepts/#use-simple-series-names-for-cleaner-sql>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :doc:`tip on using simple series names <core-concepts/#use-simple-series-names-for-cleaner-sql>`.
```

Sometimes complex operations on Bach cannot be executed on BigQuery and you might get an error:

    Resources exceeded during query execution: Not enough resources for query planning - too many
    subqueries or query is too complex.

One way to avoid this problem is by materializing intermediate results, before the query becomes to complex.
.. code-block:: console

    df = df.materialize(materialization='temp_table')

See also the `tip on using temporary tables </docs/modeling/bach/core-concepts/#use-temporary-tables-to-limit-query-complexity>`_.

**Special BigQuery Series types.**
The Series dtype `list` and `dict` are currently only supported on BigQuery, and their functionality is
limited. Some functions might not work as expected when using them on such series, e.g. sorting on such
columns will give an error.

PostgreSQL
---------------
`PostgreSQL <https://www.postgresql.org/>`_ is a very feature-rich database, and as a result Bach is
fully supported with very few oddities.
Generally Postgres has little trouble with complex queries that are generated by Bach. But it might struggle
handling big data sets, which might be less of a problem for some of the other databases.

> **Special Postgres Series type.**

Author: Perhaps we should get rid of this data type. We never use it. afaik it only exists so users could read columns that have the postgres `json` data type. But that could also be fixed by a single cast in `from_table()`. There are a lot of other data types that we currently don't support that we could also support if we have some casting method in `from_table()`, e.g. `small int`, `int`, etc.

Reviewer 2: I agree, if it can go, let's get rid of it!

Author: https://github.com/objectiv/objectiv-analytics/issues/1410
